sometimes you feel like a nut
today on walking the candy aisle welcome
everyone I am Jeff and today we are
reviewing the almond joy bar Oh
sometimes you feel like a nut and
sometimes you don't that's right that
classic almond joy that half of the
clever pairing of Almond Joy and mounds
two chocolate bars I almost feel like
you should review them together because
that little jingle is so so well-known
if somehow maybe you don't know it I
guess in the 70s they the company that
makes this had a at a very very popular
jingle selling this alongside its sister
bar mounds anyhow almond joy is the one
with nuts this is milk chocolate with
coconut and almonds that is right it's a
coconut bar and preface I am NOT a
massive coconut fan so we'll see how
this goes I am because I know I am NOT a
massive coconut man I'm not sure I have
ever had this before
yes shocking I know despite how popular
it is Peter Paul is listed as the
company but it's not entirely accurate
that it's a Peter Paul bar it was
originally there was a company called
Peter Paul I think was Peter Paul had it
had a gin anyway they just went by Peter
Paul from back in the day they created
this bar in 1946 it was actually a
replacement of an earlier bar that they
had had called the dream bar but it is
and they designed it to be the sister
bar of above another chocolate bar that
they have mounds with which is dark
chocolate covering coconut this is dark
chocolate this is milk chocolate with
covering coconut a coconut centr but
with an almond on top so this is two
pieces one two and there's one almond on
each piece we'll see it when we open it
up but chocolate and coconut that's a
good mix you know for some people I'm
definitely gonna try and press try ahead
and give this review its its fair shake
give this bar its fair shake
understanding that some people love
of coconut and this is I believe a
favorite of a lot of people you know I
live in Canada and you actually can't
buy these in Canada unless maybe you're
at a specialty store Mars makes a mix of
product called bounty which is chocolate
and coconut so that's that's really the
product that a lot of other people would
know but so Peter Paul the company was
purchased by tad burry in the 70s late
70s and then Cadbury's US operations
were purchased by Hershey's in the late
80s at least some of them were including
this bar anyway regardless this bar is
produced by her she's now in the United
States but as a nice nod I guess to the
original it still had they still decided
to keep the Peter Paul logo on it which
is interesting because Peter Paul as a
company is now defunct let's open this
up I do I will say I like this with the
coke half coconut has the joy I mean
this is really like clever cute fun
packaging Hershey's has actually
recently you know in the 2000s they
released a couple of special editions of
this bar with like fun like pina colada
flavor and stuff like that so certainly
like keep that tropical vacation II sort
of feel to it so here's the two bars
again we get this this this thing I
don't like that but oh okay so I guess I
was wrong two pieces each with two two
almonds on top just just almonds right
there so that's that is the almond joy
let's smell super coconutty all right
let's give it a shot
hmm sorry it's hard not to crush it so
obviously this is like a shredded
coconut mix with what sugar I guess
probably I'm gonna get this to the
middle hold on it's a bit easier to see
now is that a whole almond or is it just
a half an almond I'm gonna take it off
the second half the almond is nice that
is a whole almond hmm the almond is nice
the almond adds a you know an expected
nuttiness to it that I think is a good
accent excuse me well considering this
is coconut and I'm not a huge coconut
fan I'll say that this is pretty good
for what it is if you like coconut this
is pretty coconutty it's not overly
sweet it has a real sort of coconut
texture to it the milk chocolate is is
designed to highlight the coconut it's
not an overpowering thing it's not even
I mean it's a compliment to it and then
the the almond adds that nice little
accent to it this is not the kind of bar
that I would like to get again probably
chocolates all right something terrible
about it
look I'm not like you know coughing it
up or anything but I'm never gonna go
out of my way to get this if you like
coconut this is something you should try
but that said I wonder if there aren't
better
coconut bars out there you know I
haven't sampled a ton of them because of
you know my thoughts on coconut but I'm
interest I'd be interested to see in
like a confection candy bar sort of
context what what constitutes really
good coconut versus just sort of
middle-of-the-road coconut I wouldn't be
surprised if this is sort of like okay
coconut you know just like slightly
above middle-of-the-road anyway that's
almond joy for you I'm gonna rate this
on my scale probably be a three I think
other people might give it a four I
don't think anyone's probably gonna give
this a five it's just not that that
interesting
so that's my that's my thoughts on it
let me know in the comments if you agree
disagree let me know what you like about
coconut bars and what your favorite is
down below okay if you like this video
please click the links subscribe and
like us and thanks for watching everyone
I'll see you next time with another
review later